am i like a year late to this trend
yes are we gonna do it anyway also
yes
[Music]
hello everyone and welcome back to my
channel i asked you guys for your
assumptions about me on instagram
and today i'm just gonna be reacting to
them so
yeah let's do it you aren't religious
true i'm an atheist
you drink a lot of coffee not true i
hate coffee i think it tastes disgusting
and i just try to stay away from
caffeine as much as i can
regarding politics i assume you're
somewhere on the left lol
um no you guys have very different ideas
about my political ideology
some of you guys thought that i'm a
lefty somebody more in the center and
ever spotted i'm a right winger or
a conservative now i'm german so i vote
in germany and i usually vote for the
christian union party
that's the party of angela merkel and
that party describes itself as
conservative
but also as the party of the middle and
i do think they have become quite center
though certainly conservative leaning
now i said that i usually vote for this
party because
usually my beliefs align quite well with
most of what they say
though i am aware of the fact that no
political party is without fault and so
i am willing to change my vote if i
think that
my party isn't strong enough on an issue
that i care about strongly
and i have done so in the past but yeah
generally that's
where my political viewpoint is placed
on the political spectrum
you hate clubbing p.s you're pretty and
i love you queen i also study law as
well
oh thank you and good luck for law
school and regarding the clubbing
yes that's absolutely true i hate any
type of social situation where i'm put
in a room with people and
i'm expected to interact with them in
any way even if it's just through
dancing because
why can't you just leave me alone and
read my book in peace
like why you've never faced rejection in
academics
i have faced rejection academics i got
rejected by both of my dream schools
stanford and gail
i guess things worked out well for me
nonetheless but that was a really really
big deal for me because
i really wanted to go to yale not gonna
lie you're always in a good mood and
know how to cheer up everest
no i'm certainly not always in a good
mood i'm actually not a very happy
person
it doesn't mean i'm a sad person i'm
just like a neutral person you know
like i'm all right but like i'm not
cheerful
um i also really suck at making people
happy i'm really good at comforting
people when they're sad
and you know making plans to help them
get through something but i'm certainly
not the friend
that can crack good jokes and just make
people smile
it's just not my biggest talent philip
amtrofan uh philip amtra is a young
politician of the cdu
um am i a fan of his kind of i guess
because he gives really good speeches
against the alternative of germany which
is a
very right wing to just blatantly racist
party
and so he does a really good job of just
showing that they have no idea
what our actual laws are and those
features are really good so i like those
but he was recently in a scandal um he
did apologize for it and i appreciate
that
though it certainly did you know lower
how much i like him as a politician but
i think i'm still
a fan of his overall though i'm
certainly more critical of him than i
used to be you tried being vegetarian
but you failed because mcdonald's is way
too delicious
yeah story of my life you hate being
unprepared unorganized or late
literally all my pet peeves in one
comment you're definitely always well
informed about politics and know what
you're talking about
i try to be as well-formed about
politics as i can and
i try to only talk about political
issues when i feel like i've done enough
research to
have formed my opinion on it and to you
know have considered different points of
view
on the issue you've secretly gotten
engaged with a mcnugget
um no and i don't think you can marry a
chicken mcnugget
also it just sounds very wrong like to
eat your fiance
but i would eat the chicken make nugget
you know if it was right in front of me
you don't have a driver's license true i
do not because it's super expensive to
get a driver's license in germany
and it's honestly just not worth it to
me maybe you like horses riding i don't
know
ah no i used to like horses
but then i fell off one and then another
very angry horse stepped on my foot
and since then my admiration for horses
has pretty much
died you've never failed a subject that
is true i've never failed a subject
though i was very close to failing
geography
when are you coming back to cambridge or
are you even coming back
i have big news about my third year um
i will not announce them now there will
be a video about it soon
um yeah stay tuned for that the news are
big like really big you are a bit alone
um yeah that's probably true though i
don't think that's a negative thing i
actually like being alone i like doing
things that
i like to do without having to you know
first ask someone else if they're cool
with this
i really like being alone i think it's a
good thing i don't think it's a good
thing to
always be alone but be alone at times
and be comfortable with it i think is
really important
you never dated true you are very
fragile but you seem strong
i like to think that i seem strong but
i'm certainly actually a fragile person
on the inside and i will overthink
literally every conversation we've ever
had
you're very shy yes i am super super shy
though i've gotten very good at hiding
it at times but if you ever meet me in
person you will realize it within like
10 seconds
you want a fast class degree overall i
mean
who wouldn't take that if they could
have it you like to watch old movies and
period dramas
i love period dramas but i'm not really
into old movies
you got every job you applied for no
that is not true i got rejected for
selling ice cream at the zoo
i don't really know why um but that's
what happened so then i went and
interned at a law firm for a month
instead
which i know it's not a bad plan b um
but i was just really into the idea of
making people's days
by giving them ice cream but
unfortunately they did not want me to do
the job
single and i've never been in a
relationship both true you studied
chinese because your parents forced you
to
um no i am 20 years old and my parents
don't force me to do
anything um and they never really forced
me to do any
academic things my parents are super
super chill about academics
and they always say you know if you want
to do this that's okay and you can you
know
try to find a way for things but my
parents
never told me oh maybe you should do
that or something
in fact my parents were more the type of
parents were like don't you think you
may be doing too much maybe you should
you know
relax a little but they were never the
parents who tried to tell me to do
anything
extra academically you don't speak
german fluently anymore
um i think i am still like fluent
though my grandma certainly far from
perfect you've never had a crush or the
desire to date anyone
um yeah i guess that's pretty true i've
never met anyone where i was like oh my
god i would
love to go out with you um so i guess
that's a pretty good
summary of my love life so far you're
not proud to be german since you never
speak or write any german
no that's not true i actually don't
think you have to speak german or write
german all the time to be proud of being
german
i'm very proud to be from a country that
so openly deals with its history
and tries to actively learn from it
instead of just you know
pretending it didn't happen which is
what a lot of countries do
with bad parts of their history but
germany hasn't done that and i'm
incredibly proud to come from a country
where we so openly discuss our dark
history and
deal with it as a nation so i am proud
to be german i certainly
am but i don't have to desire to speak
german all the time especially since my
german is
pretty bad at this point so i'm not
gonna do that to you guys
you enjoy writing stories or poems that
is true i think i have like 150 poems at
this point
which i just write in an app um i really
enjoy writing poetry my poetry probably
really sucks
but i write a lot of it so i have a lot
of really terrible
writing stored somewhere on my computer
you don't go to cafes
um that's very true um i think it's such
a big waste of money and especially when
you're a student and you're on a budget
why spend three pounds on a coffee that
you can make at home
and it will probably cost you like 20
cents you were popular in high school
um yeah i guess i mean i wasn't
unpopular
but i also wasn't the popular girl like
i just hang out with like the popular
crowd
um but i wasn't like one of the really
popular people but i also wasn't
super unpopular either you are confident
in your looks uh
no i have a lot of insecurities and i
think social media is just a great place
for hiding all of them because
you can edit most of the content that
you put out there
like even right now while you're
watching this video
there is a smoothing filter over my skin
so that you don't see all my acne but
i do have it nonetheless of course um so
that's a big insecurity for me
and so i'm not very confident in my
looks but i think i am starting to learn
to accept them
more and more you're the mom friend
absolutely i am the mom of any friend
group and
i will make sure that all my friends are
staying safe i'd say you go wild
whenever you do get to party
no i do not whenever i am at a party i
plan my escape route in my head
and then i think about how many minutes
i have to wait until it becomes socially
acceptable for me to leave
do you speak french we just say i think
that you are formal in some situations
ps i love you and stay safe thank you so
much and stay safe too
and um i have been told that i write
incredibly formal emails
even to my friends you don't believe in
astrology very true
you are married to law school yeah
that's probably accurate to say
you would like to become a professor yes
i would love to be a professor
probably not for like my entire life but
i would definitely want to spend some of
my life teaching law
you're an introvert yeah 100
um social interaction is just not my
strong suit your parents are divorced
yes they are you are a lesbian or
bisexual um i wouldn't know
since i've never met anyone who i even
wanted to date i honestly have no idea
what my sexual orientation is
um so yeah still figuring that one out
you're the only child
yes you don't like being told what to do
that's wrong i actually love being told
what to do which is
weird um but i really like when someone
just gives me you know like a road map
these are the rules and i'm good at
following rules like i'm not one of
these people who think rules are made to
break them
so as long as the rules are reasonable
i'm really good with authority and i
don't mind being told what to do
you seem arrogant i actually get that a
lot from people who like know me in real
life they're like
oh my god i thought you're so arrogant
in the beginning because i don't really
talk to people
but it's not because i think that i'm
you know too good to talk to you
it's more because i'm too shy to talk to
you and i think you will probably hate
me
and i will overthink every single thing
that i say and so i just don't say
anything at all
um but it's not because i think i'm
better than you
certainly not you don't have a great
relationship with your dad um yes that
is true
i don't talk to my dad because a lot of
things went down on my childhood that
weren't great
and things didn't really get better as i
got older and i don't believe that you
have to forgive everything just because
someone's your parent
and when they don't apologize to you and
they've hurt you a lot
you don't have to say it's okay because
it maybe isn't
and it wasn't for me so i explained to
him why i no longer want to have contact
with him
and that's pretty much the end of our
relationship but i do have a parental
figure
in my mom's boyfriend which i'm
incredibly grateful for because i know
he's always there for me and he has my
back he's the one who showed up at my
high school graduation
he's the one who's going to get invited
to my graduation from university
so i do have an amazing parental figure
he's just not my myological father but
that's okay you wish you had a sibling
absolutely not
i was born to be an only child and i was
probably the kind of a child that would
have tried to sell their sibling on ebay
or something
so yeah i think it's good that i was an
only child you don't have a lot of
friends
yes that's true but the few friends that
i have are
amazing you get sent a lot of free
things from companies because you are a
youtuber
no i don't um they do ask you before
they send you anything and i usually say
no
because it's never really free they
usually want a post in return for it
and i usually charge more for a post
than their product is worth it to me
so i usually don't do product in
exchange for a post
unless the product is really worth it to
me and that's quite rare you are
planning on doing a phd in the future
absolutely i love the idea of doing a
phd and you know
diving deep into one topic and becoming
an expert on that
it sounds very amazing to me and that's
it for this video thank you so much to
everybody who sent in assumptions i
really appreciate it
and i hope you guys enjoyed watching
this video have a nice day
[Music]
bye
you